{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13000\viewh10000\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Now you've done it!  Look right there! Five hops--But don't fall off your chair! :: 5\
\
Seven hops Uncle Wiggily will go, he waves at you and says "hello!" :: 7\
\
Uncle Wiggily says "achoo!" Now he'll have to hop back two. :: -2\
\
A cabbage lollipop now and then, will gain Uncle Wiggily a hop of ten! :: 10\
\
Two hops more, that's what you're due, Uncle Wiggily loves you true! :: 2\
\
Uncle Wiggily's paws aren't sore, he bounces ahead nine spots more! :: 9\
\
Move five nice hops, are you nearly through? Uncle Wiggily thinks a lot of you. :: 5\
\
Uncle Wiggily hops seven ahead, along the path his paws will tread. :: 7\
\
Ten hops now, wow what speed!  Uncle Wiggily is happy indeed. :: 10\
\
Uncle Wiggily says "achoo!" Now he'll have to hop back two. :: -2\
\
Uncle Wiggily hops ahead two, he loves to play this game with you! :: 2\
\
Uncle Wiggily is feeling fine, with great speed he hops ahead nine. :: 9\
\
Uncle Wiggly hops along by four, now he likes you even more. :: 4\
\
Seven hops now for our favorite bunny, sometimes I think this game is funny. :: 7\
\
Hope you get this card again, Uncle Wiggily skips ahead ten! :: 10\
\
Two hops more on this fine day, it's fun to help the bunny find his way. :: 2\
\
Uncle Wiggily stops for tea, now he'll have to hop back three. :: -3\
\
Oh boy, what a good sign! Uncle Wiggily hops ahead nine. :: 9\
\
Move the bunny by four hops please, I hope you win this game with ease. :: 4\
\
Uncle Wiggily hops seven spots fast, he doesn't want to end up last! :: 7\
\
Uncle Wiggily stops for tea, now he'll have to hop back three. :: -3\
\
Hope you get this card again, Uncle Wiggily skips ahead ten! :: 10\
\
Uncle Wiggily's as slow as a snail, move one hop then wag your tail. :: 1\
\
Hurry!  Hurry!  Don't be late, Uncle Wiggily hops ahead eight! :: 8\
\
Uncle Wiggily's spirits soar, now he hops ahead by four! :: 4\
\
Uncle Wiggily is looking good, hop ahead nine--you know he should! :: 9\
\
Uncle Wiggily hops ahead one, he's moving slow--but still it's fun. :: 1\
\
Uncle Wiggily has speed aplenty, this time you move ahead by twenty! :: 20\
\
Excuse me, but this is your chance, hop three spaces then do a dance. :: 3\
\
Hope you get this card again, Uncle Wiggily skips ahead ten! :: 10\
\
Hope Uncle Wiggily ahead by six, this clever rabbit knows all the tricks. :: 6\
\
You'll win the game at this rate, hop Uncle Wiggily ahead by eight. :: 8\
\
Uncle Wiggily takes his time, just one hop says this rhyme. :: 1\
\
Twelve hops now, what a pace!  Uncle Wiggily's rushing to Possum's place. :: 12\
\
Where do I go?  Now I know, I'll take three hops and take them slow. :: 3\
\
Ha!  Ha!  Ha!  Isn't this funny?  Ten hops please for the rabbit bunny. :: 10\
\
Six hops now for the gentleman bunny, he's looking fine, he's feeling sunny. :: 6\
\
Uncle Wiggily won't be late, he hops along, this time by eight. :: 8\
\
Uncle Wiggily will not run, he's going forward--but just by one. :: 1\
\
Uncle Wiggily has twelve hops more, he's flying now--could you ask for more? :: 12\
\
Uncle Wiggily hops ahead three, he's having fun--don't you agree? :: 3\
\
If I were you, I think--just now, I'd take ten hops then stop and bow. :: 10\
\
He'd rather walk than take a drive, Uncle Wiggily hops ahead by five. :: 5\
\
The bunny jumps right through the air, eight nice hops--isn't that fair? :: 8\
\
Just one hop for the bunny rabbit, If he loses his hat--the fox will grab it! :: 1\
\
Put a smile on your face, ten hops forward might win the race! :: 10\
\
Help Uncle Wiggily move right along, give him two hops and sing a song. :: 2\
}